Installation
============

Based on the instructions from http://github.com/facebook/three20/

1. Clone the appstatus-iphone git repository: `git clone git://github.com/koke/appstatus-iphone.git`.  Make sure 
   you store the repository in a permanent place because Xcode will need to reference the files
   every time you compile your project.

2. Drag appstatus.xcodeproj and drop it onto the root of your Xcode project's "Groups and Files"  sidebar.  

3. Now you need to link the appstatus static library to your project. Click the
"appstatus.xcodeproj" item that has just been added to the sidebar. Under the "Details"
table, you will see a single item: libappstatus.a. Check the checkbox on the far right of
libappstatus.a.

4. Now you need to add appstatus as a dependency of your project, so Xcode compiles it whenever
you compile your project. Expand the "Targets" section of the sidebar and double-click
your application's target. Under the "General" tab you will see a "Direct Dependencies"
section. Click the "+" button, select "appstatus", and click "Add Target".

5. Now you need to add the interface to your app.  Locate "ASReportController.xib" and drag and drop it into your project. 

6. Finally, we need to tell your project where to find the Three20 headers.  Open your
   "Project Settings" and go to the "Build" tab. Look for "Header Search Paths" and double-click
   it.  Add the relative path from your project's directory to the "appstatus-iphone" directory.

8. You're ready to go.  Just #import "ASReportController.h" anywhere you want to use appstatus reporter
   in your project

Usage
=====

First, make sure you followed the installation steps and imported the header file

    #import "ASReportController.h"

To launch the report controller, use this

    // Cause can be one of: 
    //   ASReportCauseUnknown
    //   ASReportCauseServerConnect
    //   ASReportCauseDataParse
    //   ASReportCauseCustom
    ASReportController *reportController = [[ASReportController alloc] initWithCause:ASReportCauseUnknown];
    reportController.details = @"details about this particular error";

    // In this case, our parent controller is a UINavigationController, 
    // but any UIViewController will take presentModalViewController
    [[self parentViewController] presentModalViewController:reportController animated:YES];

And you're done